Give a man a fish, and you'll feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish, and he'll buy a funny hat. Talk to a hungry man about fish, and you're a consultant.
― Scott Adams

The quality of any advice anybody has to offer has to be judged against the quality of life they actually lead.
― Douglas Adams, The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide

Remember: when people tell you something’s wrong or doesn’t work for them, they are almost always right. When they tell you exactly what they think is wrong and how to fix it, they are almost always wrong.
― Neil Gaiman

Don't complain, gossip or judge

Try to stop complaining about life, discussing other people and judging them. Don't criticize your family and loved ones. If you see their mistakes, try to conduct the conversation calmly, without nerves or shouting. When this becomes a habit, your character will improve. And this will have a huge impact on positive changes in your life.	

Never ignore a person who cares for you. because someday you'll realize you've lose a diamond , while you were busy collecting stones 🌛	

Let me love you softly allow me to be the one not only in your dreams but in reality. Allow me to treat you and spoil you and give you all the things you need without you even saying a word. Allow me.	

🥀°•I will never change my personality to make someone love me, loving me is your choice and heating me is your decision.°

The flowers never tell the sun how much they love her,but if she burned out, the whole earth would scream.
That is how I feel for you. If you left, my world would bend in half and never straighten out, and I wrote these words because I want you to know that I am the flowers and you are the sun. And I need you to know that you are not just rising and setting to kill time. You are not just living to get to the next sleep. You are lighting up so many skies and you don't even know it, you radiant, electric star. I am not asking you to stay for me; I'm begging you to stay for you. And for the flowers. And for tomorrow. And for all of the tomorrows after that. ❤️	

Let go of the past
Most of us have unpleasant situations from past years that we replay in our heads and emotionally relive over and over again. It's too much. The past cannot be changed, and there is no need to drag such a burden behind you. Imagine a problem from the past burning up in a fire, drowning in the ocean, or crumbling upon impact. Describe what happened on paper and burn it or actually drown it. Mentally, out loud, or in writing, forgive the offender or yourself.	

"Maybe in another lifetime."
No. This is all you get. So please, just fight for the things that crack  light into your life, fight for the things that soften you. Protect the people you love, leave them better than you found them. Defend your heart, do whatever it takes to keep it open despite what it has been through. Forgive, not just others, but yourself,as well. Slow down -- taste, and touch, and feel and care. Create the things you want to see in this world, stay as curious as possible. Honour your joy, do not shy away from the good that is trying to reach you -- do not convince yourself that you are unworthy of it. Be strong enough to be gentle. Be brave enough to break. Be all that you are. Be all that you are.	

Love me Or hate me.I'm still gonna shine😎💫

🥋🥊 Story On Bravery And Courage: 
One cowardly person came to a master of martial arts and asked to teach him bravery. The master looked at him and said: 
I will teach you only with one condition: one month you will have to live in a big city and tell every person that you meet on your way that you are a coward. You will have to say it loudly, openly and looking straight into the person’s eyes. 
The person got really sad, because this task seemed very scary to him. For a couple of days he was very sad and thoughtful, but to live with his cowardice was so unbearable that he travelled to the city to accomplish his mission. 
At first, when meeting the passers, he quailed, lost his speech and couldn’t contact anyone. But he needed to finish the master’s task, so he began to overcome himself. When he came up to his first passer to tell about his cowardice, it seemed to him that he would die from fear. But his voice sounded louder and more confident with every passing day. Suddenly came a moment, when the man caught himself thinking that he’s not scared anymore, and the further he continued doing the master’s task, the more convinced he was that the fear was abandoning him. That way a month had passed. The person came back to the master, bowed to him and said: 
Thank you, teacher. I finished your task. Now I’m not afraid anymore. But how did you know that this strange task will help me? 
The thing is that cowardice is only a habit. And by doing the things that scare us, we can destroy the stereotypes and come to a conclusion that you came to. And now you know that bravery – is also a habit. And if you want to make bravery a part of yourself- you need to move forward into the fear. Then the fear will go away, and bravery will take its place.‌‌		

34 reasons Why you SHOULDN'T masturbate:
1. You'll lose confidence
2. You'll drown in shame
3. You'll weaken your legs
4. You'll drain your energy
5. You'll lose focus
6. You'll lose respect
7. You'll disconnect from God
8. You'll drown in fear
9. You'll miss opportunities
10. You'll be a loser
11. You won't be able to work
12. You'll lose drive
13. You'll get acne
14. You'll damage your brain
15. You'll pollute your heart
16. You'll become an animal
17. You'll be a slave
18. You'll lose strength
19. You'll lose power
20. You'll lose bravery
21. You won't have wonderful dreams
22. You won't have wealth
23. You'll be weak in bed
24. You'll cry
25. You'll realised you were tricked
26. You'll harm your eyes
27. You'll weaken your voice
28. You'll become awkward
29. You'll become LESS attractive
30. You'll become pathetic
31. You won't know success
32. You'll lose everything
33. You'll let satan win
34. You'll regret it badly	

12 Fucking Rules for Success
1. Do the fucking work. Don't be lazy.
2. Stop fucking waiting. It's time.
3. Rely on yourself. The Universe doesn't give a fuck.
4. Be fucking practical. Success is not a theory.
5. Be productive early. Don't fuck around all day.
6. Don't be a fucking baby. Life's hard. Get on with it.
7. Don't hang out with fuckwits.
8. Don't fucking waste energy on shit you can't control
9. Stop bullshitting. It's fucking embarrassing.
10. Stop being a fucking people-pleaser. It's sad.
11. Stop putting toxic shit in your body. It'sfucking stupid.
12. Stop doing the same fucking thing and hoping shit will change.

The right person will know how to hold your love. The right person will choose you just as deeply as you choose them. You will not have to quiet the way you care, you will never feel like you are too much. You will not have to beg for the love you deserve. One day, you will be met where you are. One day, you will be someone's favorite thing, and you will not be confused, you will not feel like you are fighting for someone who isn't fighting for you. One day, you will understand that it never mattered how tightly you held on to the wrong people, how intensely you tried, because the right people were always going to find you. The right people were always going to stay.

If you cannot hold me in your arms, then hold my memory in high regard.
And if I cannot be in your life, then at least let me live in your heart.
― Ranata Suzuki	

Get out of your comfort zone
Leaving your comfort zone means taking risks, making mistakes, and doing things that are unusual for you. You will feel scared at first, but the thought that this is the only way you will know what you are capable of should be empowering.	We always Work for a Better Tomorrow..

But When Tomorrow Comes,
Instead of Enjoying,
We Again Think of a Better Tomorrow!
Let's Have a Better Today...

Romanticize your life
Take beautiful photos, light candles, read books, walk more, dance to your favorite music, buy yourself gifts, do whatever you want, be happy - it’s your life, don’t let anyone take it away.	

There is not one big cosmic meaning for all, there is only the meaning we each give to our life	

The happy and efficient people in this world are those who accept trouble as a normal detail of human life and resolve to capitalize it when it comes along.

We always Work for a Better Tomorrow..
But When Tomorrow Comes,
Instead of Enjoying,
We Again Think of a Better Tomorrow!
Let's Have a Better Today...

Never cry for the person who hurts you. Just smile and say: thanks for giving me the chance to find someone better than you.